What is getting engaged and so in this video we're going to be very king with our responsiveness.
OK.
What we want to do is that we want to make sure that a website looks good on mobile devices and also
on side by side will also work for the pop up stuff.
So this bubble should only open on mobile devices.
Sorry the computer devices and this public should not be open on mobile devices.
Else he the guy should be taken to the next page or the higher Me page.
OK so let's get started.
First of all what I have to do I have to just hit additivity elementary.
OK.
And here I want to add it to my website completely.
OK so we want to make sure that a website looks good on mobile devices.
OK.
And what I will do I will just come here I'll just click this and I'm going to hit the tablet so I'm
going to view the tablet mode.
So this is how my website is going to look on tablet.
I have my photo right here.
I have my name I have about me and everything looks cool on tablet.
OK.
Yes.
So we want to work with this on tablet mode.
We want this to be good or bad.
OK.
So our name looks good.
Our tagline looks good.
Our burdens are old looking.
But yes this is also looking good.
Or we will just change it and we will give some more spacing right here.
OK.
And what I can do looks good.
And follow me on.
We want to change some things here.
So for this what I want to do I have to just select select from here and then I have to just click here
again.
OK.
And now what I have to do I just basically want to come here and I want to give to make some changes
right here.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to click this guy right here and the settings are going to appear
OK.
So you can see that the tablet mode has been selected from here.
I want to go to this style.
OK.
And here I can manage the size I can manage the batting.
You can also manage the spacing so I am going to manage some spacing a bit.
I want to increase the spacing right here and on tablet mode.
I think this much spacing looks good.
OK.
And on computer it has this much on more on tablet.
It has this much OK so you can also control the padding You can also control the size if you want to.
But I think the size looks cool.
Let's come here let's come here and let's just click this guy right here.
OK.
And
let's come here to style.
To advance
column.
OK so here I want to work the column right here.
So you basically don't have to just click this which you have to come here and you have to make sure
that you are in the column section.
You have to edit this column.
And we want to increase the size of this column.
OK so I'll just increase it a bit
OK.
This looks cool.
Yes.
OK.
This is Corey now.
So what I want to do right now I want to go down and Burtis this guy right here.
I want to click this I want to go to style.
I want to change the size on tablet mode.
You can see that the tablet is selected.
I want a game here.
I want it to be this much
call.
OK.
So this is not a professional developer.
I also want to decrease the size of the burden right here cause this is looking very much bigger.
But if you refrigerate it to this.
So I'm just going to decrease this ice a bit.
So
size looks good here.
I want to decrease the line height
OK.
The line height should be more
Now this is looking cool.
Now you can see that we are totally done.
But this of
our button or this tagline and everything and everything looks cool.
OK.
So let's come here and let's come here to the mall buy a mod and let's see how a replay looks on mobile
device.
So on mobile device you can see that we need to do a lot of customizations.
OK.
So we first need to get some spacing right here because this is going really very above.
It will touch the logo right here.
So I want to give some spacing to here oh just gives the spacing this whole column.
So let's come here.
Let's select this OK and let's go to the advance section and here we want to give some padding to the
top so just make sure that you uncheck the values and then give the batting so I want to give some more
padding.
OK.
This looks cool.
I want to also change the name.
I want to come here to style and for a mobile device I want to change the name to be this much OK.
And this is looking cool.
I want to just change it slightly a bit to that it looks normal.
OK.
And now here I just want to show both of the buttons right here because it will not look good.
So I'll just show only single button right here.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm just going to click this column.
I'm just going to hit at it call them OK.
And I want to go to the advance and here in the responsive DOB I just want to come here and I want to
hit
OK.
I want to just select this one OK and I want to disable this.
I want to disable this on mobile device so when I come here to advance this column is not working.
So I just want to disable this button right here.
Let's go to responsive and we want to hide this on MOBA.
OK.
So you can see that if I just click this this is hit right now.
I want to come here to hire me button and this Higher me burden should be aligned to center on mobile
devices.
Let's go like this right now and you can see that this is how it is looking.
OK.
We have.
We.
This guy right here and we have her name and this logo is doing a problem.
We'll do that as well to change it.
OK.
We go down and then we have this as well.
So this is looking not good.
Ok I'll show you.
How can you change it.
OK.
And then we have this.
This is looking cool.
This is not looking good.
OK.
So we have to do some customization more.
OK let's get in here.
Let's go down.
And here we have this thing.
So we want to do some changes right here so for immobile what we want to do is that we can not change
it.
Basically we have to do a lot of coding and there is a trick to do that for mobile devices for mobile
this whole thing should be fully right.
And that should be sorted fully blue and they should be right.
OK.
So I want to work with this one I'm going to do.
I'm just going to come here.
Analytical style.
Come here and you can see that there is no option for mobile that we can not manage this on mobile.
We cannot change this time.
We can not change the location on mobile devices so there is no tab.
So what we are going to do we're going to just go to the desktop version.
OK.
And if we want to just do one thing and that is to duplicate this section you can see that we have two
sections right here.
So we want to create one section for our desktop and then tablet.
And the other section will be only for mobile devices OK.
So for mobile what we want to do is we want this we want to just come here and pay and we want to change
the background.
We will be just one to Clairette OK sorry
I want to come here to this section right here.
I want to edit this section OK so I want to clear this basically just come here it is style and I wanted
this to be a classic OK and let's come here and let's clear everything OK.
And so OK we have about musicians coming right here.
If I just click this you can see here are three.
So I just want to come here.
I want to delete one more right here.
OK.
This might be so confusing to you right now but you will understand what I am what I am talking about.
So I just cleared the background from here and now let's see how this is going to look on mobile device.
So I will just come here.
OK I'll just come here to Mobile.
OK.
And you can see that on mobile.
We will show this only we will hide this.
OK.
And on computer we will hide this only and we will show that.
So how we were going to do this.
Let's come here.
Let's talk the dust up and.
OK.
And let's come here and let's select this section.
So we're going to edit this section.
What I'm going to do.
I'm just going to come here to advance.
I want to go to responsive and this is going to be hit in on desktop and tablet.
OK.
And this is going to be hit in on
Dumaguete one.
OK.
So you can see that this section will be hidden on mobile and this section will be hidden on desktop
and that if I just open up right here you can see
if I just get in here and I open up the tablet mode and then I click this and again see
I want to go to the mobile version right here.
I click this let's go down let's go down down and you can see that or that section that mobile line
has been hidden.
OK.
So this is being hidden.
And this is coming right here because we have hidden that on the mobile.
OK.
So I want to get him here.
I just want to get him here to see if we have if that is working as well.
So let's come here to responsive.
So this will be hidden on the stump and this will be hidden on tablet both as well.
So if I just open up the tablet mode and then I click this you can see that this is not hiding it but
it will basically hide on tablet.
So
let's here let's say let's come here and let's view our page
OK.
You can see that this is normally working here and this section that we have added for Mumbai is only
will only be available for only work on mobile device if I just small my screen you can see that this
is changing this is changing and if the mobile version appears this section is automatically disabled
and this is basically going.
So this is this is the video that is used for mobile devices.
OK.
So this is how you can work on mobile devices.
And if this increases you can see that this white version is coming.
This line version this line version and once it goes right you can see this has changed.
So this is outrageous.
OK.
Now what I want to do I want to come down and let's go to the mobile section because we're working on
mobile right now.
OK.
Mobile.
Now let's go down let's go down.
And here we have the follow me on.
So I wanted to create the size unfollow me on so much.
I want to increase this that I want to come here and manage this right now.
So when I go to the style I want to go to the site and I wanted to create the a bit.
OK I want to go to the padding and I want to decrease the batting.
Let's just increase the batting.
OK.
The spacing
spacing is fine OK.
So you can see how this is looking we can also decrease the size a bit
OK.
Now this looks cool.
OK so I also want to decrease some spacing right here.
So I want to come here to advance.
Basically I want to edit this whole section.
So I want to come here to advance and
get Let's come here to Mobot right now and let's decrease some betting.
So from top I want it to be 15 pixels and.
OK I went and checked this
and for bottom I want to increase it and this much only 22 22 pixel 20 pixel from bottom.
OK this looks cool.
Now I want to go down and I want to edit this guy right here.
So I want to go to style.
I want to go to space and I want to select it this much.
So I think we need to increase it a bit much.
Need a professional developer OK.
I think that just looks cool because we need the fun to be a little bit bigger.
So we also want to go and increase the line height.
Yes.
That's like school letters spacing should be normal you need a professional developer or spacing should
be below this.
Ok cool.
Now you can see that this is used for mobile devices.
OK.
Now if I just save my this thing and I want to open this up this website on a mobile device you're going
to see how this is going to look.
OK.
So I'm just going to say I'm just smelling it up.
And this is my mobile device.
OK.
I go down I go down and this is my thing this is my name.
This is my higher me.
So if I just open it up you can see that this is the plug.
This is coming but I don't want the viewers to see the pop up so I'll just disable this pop up I'll
show you how can disable pop up on mobile devices later on.
OK then we have the about me section we have h TMLC says and what I can do.
Follow me on it's looking good.
Need a professional developer and hire me.
Everything looks amazing right here.
You can see that this is how this plug in rates you can also do the mobile optimization.
That is why I really love this.
And if you go to if you go with any of the other team you you we're not going to get this functionality.
That is why I always recommend my students to go with this ocean.
OK.
And just plug in this plug in is doing the job.
Not this team you can use just plug into any of the team.
OK.
Basically this plug in is doing the job.
So this plug in is called a mentor.
There is also a pro version.
I will also show you later on that why you should shift to pro-women.
You can buy that shows I'm using my affiliate.
OK so a little bit later on I'll show you now.
OK.
You can see everything is totally done now.
I want to just sit it safe and I can see that we are totally done with this page customization mobile
optimization.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit go to dashboard.
I don't want to change the settings for the next page that I have so we have two pages basically right
now.
OK the other page is hire me.
I want to game here.
I'm going to hit that element or.
And now here you see we want to go to the tablet mode to let's see what is.
How is it looking on tablet tablet is fine.
And the mobile is not fine.
So when I'm mobile we want to go restyle.
We want to go to the site so you can see that the mobile version is selected.
I want to increase the size to be this save and there we go.
Are there spaces automobile optimized so you can see that mobile optimization is very easy.
First you have to make sure that you focus on your website creation and then you have Absurdistan.
You can get the mobile optimizations.
Let's go ahead and let you go to dashboard now we're totally done in the next video we'll be working
up the pop up thing that how to disable pop up on mobile devices and on tablet.
No not not the tablet.
So pop up for good on tablet but there should be no pop up on mobile devices so if someone says he should
be taken to that page and if someone clicks on desktop a pop up should appear so.
So like I said watching this in the next video.
Phil move on with that by.